decisions = {

	liege_0 = {
		potential = {
			is_ruler = yes
			ai = no
			has_global_flag = startup_done
		}
		allow = {
			is_ruler = yes
			ai = no
			has_global_flag = startup_done
			}
		effect = {
			character_event = { id = nivve.1 }
			character_event = { id = nivve.2 }
			hidden_tooltip = {
				any_playable_ruler  = {
				limit = {
					any_demesne_province = {
						location = {
							OR = {
has_province_modifier = 	d_holland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_sticht_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_westfriesland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_zeeland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_gelre_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ostfriesland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_frisia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_brabant_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_hainaut_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_breda_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_artois_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_boulogne_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_guines_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_yperen_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_brugge_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_gent_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_luxembourg_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_liege_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_julich_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_loon_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_lorraine_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_saintois_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bar_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_pfalz_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_trier_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_metz_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_verdun_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_nordgau_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_sundgau_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kempten_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_oberbayern_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_salzburg_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_niederbayern_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_nurnberg_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_passau_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_znojmo_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_osterreich_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_steiermark_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tirol_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_st_gallen_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_innsbruck_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_chur_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_istria_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_krain_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_karnten_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_aquileia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_celle_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_luneburg_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_braunschweig_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_oldenburg_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_osnabruck_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_gottingen_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_thuringen_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_nassau_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_koln_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_munster_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kleve_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_mainz_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_leiningen_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_wurzburg_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bamberg_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_baden_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_breisgau_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_schwaben_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ulm_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_furstenberg_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_wurttemberg_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_nikaea_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_nikomedeia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_prusa_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kyzikos_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ephesos_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_smyrna_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_chios_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_abydos_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_naxos_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_euboia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_lesbos_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kaliopolis_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_byzantion_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_thrake_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_adrianopolis_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_philippopolis_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_chalkidike_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_thessalonike_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_thessalia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_strymon_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ochrid_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_dyrrachion_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_epeiros_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_arta_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_cephalonia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_demetrias_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_hellas_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_atheniai_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_achaia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_korinthos_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_methone_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_monemvasia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kaneia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_chandax_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_famagusta_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_limisol_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_attaleia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_rhodos_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_lykia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_dorylaion_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ikonion_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_sozopolis_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_laodikeia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kaisereia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_galatia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tyana_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_amisos_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_sinope_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_paphlagonia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_herakleia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ankyra_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_theodosiopolis_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_trapezous_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_chaldea_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_lykandos_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tarsos_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_adana_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_teluch_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_seleukeia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_vaspurakan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_dwin_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ani_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_karin_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_mesopotamia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_taron_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_edessa_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tell_bashir_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_aintab_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_koloneia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_melitene_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_vidin_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_naissus_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tyrnovo_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_serdica_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_nikopolis_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_dorostotum_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_mesembria_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_karvuna_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_constantia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_rashka_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_hum_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_belgrade_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_zeta_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ragusa_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_krizevci_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_zagreb_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_varadzin_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_rama_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_usora_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_zachlumia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_senj_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_veglia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_split_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_zadar_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_benevento_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_foggia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_capua_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_napoli_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_apulia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bari_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_lecce_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_salerno_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_taranto_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_amalfi_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_consenza_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_reggio_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_palermo_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_messina_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_siracusa_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_agrigento_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_trapani_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_malta_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kartli_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tao_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_guria_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kakheti_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_albania_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_derbent_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_semender_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_imeretia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_abkhazia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_venezia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_treviso_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_verona_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_padova_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_mantua_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_piemonte_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_saluzzo_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_monferrato_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_brescia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_lombardia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_trent_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_pavia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_cremona_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_genoa_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_modena_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_parma_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bologna_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ferrara_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ravenna_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_lucca_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_firenze_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_siena_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_pisa_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_piombino_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ancona_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_urbino_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_spoleto_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_aprutium_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_roma_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_orvieto_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_orbetello_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_corsica_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_arborea_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_cagliari_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_uppland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_gastrikland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_aland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_sodermanland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ostergotland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_narke_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tjust_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_gotland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_vastergotland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_dal_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_viken_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_lappland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_vasterbotten_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_angermanland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_medelpad_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_halsingland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_dalarna_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_varmland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_vastmanland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_smaland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_more_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_oland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_skane_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_halland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bornholm_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_blekinge_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_sjaelland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_fyn_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_slesvig_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_jylland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_hamburg_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_lubeck_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_holstein_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bremen_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_vestisland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_austisland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_faereyar_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_shetland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_orkney_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_agder_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_rogaland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_telemark_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bergenshus_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_vestfold_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_akershus_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_oppland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_hedmark_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_trondelag_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_naumadal_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_halogaland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_finnmark_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_nordland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_jamtland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_herjedalen_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_reval_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_narva_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_vodi_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_onega_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_karelen_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kexholm_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kola_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kandalax_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_savolaks_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_nyland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_finland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tavasts_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_satakunta_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_osterbotten_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kemi_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_plock_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_czersk_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_lubusz_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_gnieznienskie_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_poznanskie_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kaliskie_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_lower_silesia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_upper_silesia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_opole_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_cieszyn_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_krakowskie_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_sacz_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_sandomierskie_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_sieradzko-leczyckie_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kujawy_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_mecklemburg_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_rostock_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_werle_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_rugen_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_wolgast_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_stettin_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_danzig_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_slupsk_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_anhalt_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_plauen_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_weimar_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_altmark_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_brandenburg_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_meissen_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_lausitz_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_lettigalians_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_livs_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_dorpat_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_osel_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_marienburg_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_galindia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_sambia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_chelminskie_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_polotsk_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_lepiel_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_west_dvina_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_aukshayts_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_sudovia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_yatvyagi_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_jacwiez_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_podlasie_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_zemigalians_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kurs_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_scalovia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_memel_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_zhmud_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_domazlice_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_praha_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_boleslav_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_litomerice_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_plzen_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_hradec_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_olomouc_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_brno_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_beloozero_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_zaozerye_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_chud_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_vologda_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bezhetsky_verh_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_torzhok_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_novgorod_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_pskov_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_velikiye_luki_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_toropets_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_pereyaslavl_zalessky_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_rostov_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_uglich_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tver_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_vyazma_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kostroma_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_yaroslavl_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_galich_mersky_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_gorodez_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_nizhny_novgorod_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_suzdal_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_vladimir_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_mozhaysk_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_moskva_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_korsun_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kiev_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_terebovl_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_galich_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_peremyshl_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_vladimir_volynsky_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_beresty_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_turov_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_pinsk_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_minsk_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_orsha_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_vitebsk_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_smolensk_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_roslavl_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_mstislavl_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_lyubech_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_chernigov_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_novgorod_seversky_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bryansk_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_pronsk_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_murom_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ryazan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kolomna_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_pereyaslavl_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_chortitza_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_perm_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_votyaki_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_yamalia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_komi_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_chelyabi_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_khantia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_hlynov_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_zyriane_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ugra_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_syrj_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_veliky_ustug_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_romny_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_trans-portage_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_north_dvina_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bjarmia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_samoyeds_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_itil_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_guryev_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_yaik_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_uzens_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_lower_volga_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_saray_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_khopyor_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_sugrov_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_desht-i-kipchak_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_sarkel_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_don_portage_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_sharukan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ryn_desert_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_aqtobe_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_omsk_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tyumen_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_mansia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_surgut_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_oral_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kama_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bilyar_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bulgar_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_syrt_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_southern_ural_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bashkirs_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_grassland_cheremisa_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_merya_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_chuvash_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_mountain_cheremisa_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_burtasy_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_mordva_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_theodosia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_korchev_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_cherson_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tmutarakan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_lower_don_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_oleshye_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_lukomorie_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_lower_dniepr_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_crimea_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kasogs_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_yegorlyk_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_manych_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_alania_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kuma_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tana_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_azov_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kuban_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_sarpa_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kyzylorda_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_khwarizm_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_emba_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_mangyshlak_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_aral_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_usturt_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_merv_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_dihistan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_gurgan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_khorasan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_nishapur_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_qohistan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_lut_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tabaristan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_mazandaran_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_dailam_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_esfahan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_yazd_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_avhaz_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_shiraz_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_sistan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_hormuz_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kerman_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ladistan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_zermanya_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_fars_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_hendjan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_khozistan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_qom_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_hamadan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_rayy_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_qwivir_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_birjand_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_farrah_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_zahedan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bam_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_jask_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tis_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_sabzevar_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_baluchistan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_oromieh_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_gilan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tabriz_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_shirvan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_azerbaijan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_suenik_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_shemakha_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_maverannahr_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_khiva_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_dashhowuz_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_samarkand_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_balkh_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_herat_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kara-kum_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bukhara_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_turkmen_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_qazwin_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kermanshah_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_luristan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_al_nadjaf_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ilam_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tigris_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_al_amarah_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_al_nasiryah_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kufa_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_rummah_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kuwait_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_basra_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_karbala_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_baghdad_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_al_habbariyah_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_deir_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_euphrates_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kirkuk_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_mosul_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kurdistan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_sinjar_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bira_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_al_jazira_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_amida_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_nisibin_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_turnu_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tirgoviste_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_severin_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_galaz_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_peresechen_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_torki_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_olvia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_belgorod_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_birlad_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_pecs_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_szekezfehervar_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_vas_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_fejer_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_sopron_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_esztergom_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_pressburg_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_nitra_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_trencin_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_gemer_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_orava_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_saris_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bereg_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_abauj_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_marmaros_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_heves_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_pest_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_csanad_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_szekelyfold_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bihar_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_feher_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_temes_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bacs_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tourraine_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bourges_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_anjou_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_maine_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_evreux_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_avranches_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_vexin_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_arques_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_eu_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_orleans_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_blois_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_vendome_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_chartres_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_troyes_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_reims_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_sens_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ile_de_france_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_vermandois_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_amiens_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_chalons_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_auxerre_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_macon_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_dijon_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_nevers_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_charolais_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bordeaux_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_agen_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_perigord_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_angouleme_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_montpellier_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_narbonne_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_carcassonne_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_toulouse_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_rouergue_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_foix_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bearn_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_armagnac_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_labourd_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_albret_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_lusignan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_saintonge_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_poitiers_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_thouars_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_auvergne_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_gevaudan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bourbon_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_limousin_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_la_marche_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_nantes_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_vannes_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_cornouaille_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_french_leon_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_penthievre_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_rennes_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_provence_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_forcalquier_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_venaissin_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_nice_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_savoie_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_valais_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_geneve_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_dauphine_viennois_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_lyon_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_forez_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_viviers_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_grisons_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_neuchatel_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bern_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_schwyz_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_aargau_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_besancon_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_burgos_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_valladolid_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_soria_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_asturias_de_santillana_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_albarracin_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_alto_aragon_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_zaragoza_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_calatayud_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_barcelona_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_urgell_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_rosello_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_empuries_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_lleida_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tarragona_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_castellon_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_valencia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_denia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_mallorca_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_menorca_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_viscaya_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_navarra_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_najera_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_asturias_de_oviedo_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_astorga_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_leon_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_zamora_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_salamanca_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_coruna_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_santiago_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_porto_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_braganza_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_castelo_branco_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_coimbra_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_lisboa_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_evora_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_alcacer_do_sal_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_mertola_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_silves_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_faro_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_cordoba_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_la_mancha_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_calatrava_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_almansa_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_murcia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_granada_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_almeria_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_malaga_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_sevilla_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_cadiz_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_algeciras_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_aracena_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_niebla_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_plasencia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_alcantara_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_caceres_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_badajoz_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_toledo_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_molina_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_cuenca_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_al_aqabah_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ar_ar_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_maan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tabuk_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_petra_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_al_jawf_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_hijaz_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_medina_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_mecca_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_asir_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bayda_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_sanaa_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_taizz_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_aden_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kathiri_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_dhu_zabi_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_hajar_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_muscat_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_duqm_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_dhofar_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_mahra_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_rafha_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_hail_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_hajr_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_halaban_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_damman_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_al_hasa_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bahrein_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_alexandria_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_al_alamayn_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_quattara_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_buhairya_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_gizeh_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_gabiyaha_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_delta_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_pelusia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_manupura_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_cairo_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_sarqihya_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_aswan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_quena_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_asyut_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_farama_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_sinai_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_eilat_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_el-arish_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_negev_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_monreal_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kerak_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_madaba_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_darum_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_jaffa_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ascalon_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_beersheb_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_jerusalem_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_acre_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_hebron_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tiberias_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tyrus_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_beirut_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_safed_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_asas_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_palmyra_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_aleppo_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_homs_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_hama_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_antiocheia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_archa_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_alexandretta_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tortosa_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tripoli_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_baalbek_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_damascus_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_irbid_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_al_mafraq_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_az_zarqa_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_amman_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_syria_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_druz_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_suwaida_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tadmor_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_al_bichri_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_marrakech_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tharasset_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ifni_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_anti-atlas_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_massat_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_canarias_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_infa_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tangiers_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_cebta_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_fes_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_el_rif_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_figuig_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_sijilmasa_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_atlas_mnt_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_lemdiyya_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_al_djazair_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_mzab_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ouled_nail_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_biskra_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tlemcen_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_orania_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_hanyan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_snassen_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tunis_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_medjerda_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bizerte_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kairwan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_mahdia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_gabes_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tripolitana_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_djerba_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_leptis_magna_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_syrte_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_cyrenaica_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_senoussi_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_benghazi_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tobruk_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_beni_yanni_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tell_atlas_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_constantine_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bejaija_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_annaba_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_busaso_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_berbera_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_harer_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tadjoura_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_aksum_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_akordat_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kassala_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_sennar_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_asosa_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ankober_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_gondar_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_antalo_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_matamma_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_makuria_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_nubia_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_hayya_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_atbara_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_northumberland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_durham_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_cumberland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_lancaster_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_westmorland_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_chester_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_derby_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_york_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_leicester_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_lincoln_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_norfolk_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_suffolk_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bedford_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_middlesex_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_essex_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_northampton_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_hereford_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_shrewsbury_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_warwick_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_worcester_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_gloucester_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_wiltshire_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_oxford_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_surrey_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kent_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_sussex_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_winchester_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_dorset_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_somerset_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_gwynedd_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_perfeddwlad_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_powys_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_dyfed_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_glamorgan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_gwent_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_cornwall_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_devon_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_galloway_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_carrick_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_clydesdale_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_innse_gall_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_isle_of_man_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_argyll_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_lothian_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_dunbar_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_teviotdale_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_gowrie_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_fife_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_strathearn_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_atholl_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_moray_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ross_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_buchan_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_caithness_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ulster_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_oriel_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tyrone_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tyrconnell_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_breifne_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_connacht_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_kildare_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_dublin_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_leinster_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ossory_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_thomond_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ormond_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_desmond_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_timbuktu_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_oualata_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_araouane_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_taghaza_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ghana_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_aoudaghost_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_ouadane_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_idjil_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_mali_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_bambuk_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_djenne_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_gurma_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_gao_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_tadmekka_de_jure_liege
has_province_modifier = 	d_zarma_de_jure_liege
							}
						}
					}
				}
				character_event = { id = nivve.2 }
				}
			}
		}
		ai_will_do = {
			factor = 1
		}
	}
}